.TH UHUB 1 "March 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
uhub \- a high performance ADC peer-to-peer hub
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B uhub
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
uHub is a high performance peer-to-peer hub for the ADC network.
Its low memory footprint allows it to handle several thousand users
on high-end servers, or a small private hub on embedded hardware.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.BI \^\-v
Verbose mode, add more \-v's for higher verbosity.
.TP
.BI \^\-q 
Quiet mode, if quiet mode is enabled no output or logs are made.
.TP
.BI \^\-f
Fork uhub to background in order to run it as a daemon.
.TP
.BI \^\-l " logfile"
Log messages to the given logfile (default: stderr)
.TP
.BI \^\-L
Log messages to syslog.
.TP
.BI \^\-c " config"
Specify configuration file (default: /etc/uhub/uhub.conf)
.TP
.BI \^\-C
Check configuration files and return. Will print either \"OK\" or \"ERROR\".
.TP
.BI \^\-s
Show all configuration parameters. In a format that is compatible with
the configuration files.
.TP
.BI \^\-S
Show all non-default configuration parameters.
.TP
.BI \^\-h
Show the help message.
.TP
.BI \^\-u " user"
Drop privileges and run as the given user.
.TP
.BI \^\-g " group"
Drop privileges and run with the given group permissions.
.TP
.BI \^\-V
Show the version number
.SH EXAMPLES
To run uhub as a daemon, and log to a file:
.TP
.B uhub " -f -l /var/log/uhub/uhub.log"
.SH AUTHOR
This program was written by Jan Vidar Krey <janvidar@extatic.org>
.SH "BUG REPORTS"
If you find a bug in uhub please report it to
.B http://bugs.extatic.org/
